About the Job
Position: Data Analyst
Duration: 1 year
Location: Atlanta GA

Essential Responsibilities:
Business intelligence and data analytics through data mining of complex data models and data sets to deliver on reporting requirements.
Reviewing data for accuracy and completeness through analytics and discussions with responsible teams to ensure quality and integrity.
Ability to perform complex algorithms and formulas to support aggregated views to detailed views for recommendations and decisions.
Summarize and articulate trends and gaps based on data analytics using client’s tools.
Demonstrates ability to develop executive reports and deliver presentation to executives and leaders.
Drive for process efficiencies and repeatable processes through improvements and enhancements.
Document and present process changes based on conclusions and enhancements.
In support of the VRM process, serves as a lead through a series of strategic and tactical activities to deliver on expected VRM results. 
Provides consultancy services to business and project teams evaluating new vendor services and/or introducing new technologies to client’s environments.
Collaborates with team members to continuously improve VRM tools and processes to meet department objectives, applying creative solutions to address issues with people, processes, technologies.
Ability to work independently and diligently manage up with minimal guidance.
Supports development, implementation, and maintenance of vendor risk and compliance documentation and procedures related to data and reporting.
Plans and manages assigned program work streams to its conclusion, providing regular status update, communicating with key stakeholders and partners, identifying issue and manage escalation to resolution, and ensuring quality deliverables.
Collects, analyzes, and reports performance metrics using company software and reporting tools.
Exhibit ethical behaviors in self and encourage others in accordance to the Principles of Responsibility; adheres to organizational policies and guidelines; supports compliance initiatives; maintains confidences; admits mistakes; conducts business with honesty; shows consistency in words and actions; follows through on commitments.

Minimum Qualifications:
•	Minimum four (4) years in an informal leadership role working with business or technical teams.
•	Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Information Security, Accounting, Finance, or related field and Minimum eight (8) years experience in business intelligence/data analytics, IT risk management, compliance, or information security.
•	Additional equivalent work experience may be substituted for the degree requirement.

Preferred Qualifications:
Two (2) years of work experience in a role requiring interaction with executive leadership (e.g., Vice President level and above)
Two (2) years experience in reporting tools such as Tableau. Knowledge and experience in coding tools preferred. 
Four (4) years experience in Business Intelligence/Data Analytics with complex data models.
Four (4) years experience working in a large matrixed organization.
Two (2) years experience in the development and delivery of ITRM metrics and reporting.
Master's Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Information Security, Accounting, Finance, or related field.
CISSP, CISA, CISM, QSA, ISA or comparable certification.

Job Requirements
Compliance, Database Design, excel, Excel, PowerPoint,Word, Risk Management, SOX
