Job Posting: 10682 - Position: Data Analytics Scientist
Deadline 01/05/2018 11:59 PM
Application Method:
Posting Goes Live: 10/10/2017 11:59 PM
Job Posting Status: Approved
Company Info
Organization Bristol Myers Squibb
Job Contact Last Name Page
Website bms.com
Country United States
Job Posting Information
Position Type Full Time
Job Title Data Analytics Scientist
Job Location Devens, MA
Compensation Paid
Employment Sector Scientific Research & Development
Job Description
The role of the engineer/scientist is to enable the creation, implementation and operation of scientific and business data collection,
visualization and modeling tools for the bioprocess laboratory development environment within the Biologics Process Development
organization. The candidate will work with the upstream, downstream and analytical functions to understand scientific operations
and transactional exchanges to create seamless and intuitive data collection workflows. These data streams should further be
integrated into visualization and modeling tools for scientific analysis and modeling activities and would streamline the authoring of
project updates and reports. Candidate will additionally have the opportunity to interface with laboratory automation and scientific
modeling functional areas to enable the integration of business data into automation workflows and scientific data into scientific
modeling tools. Depending on experience and interest the candidate would have the opportunity to pursue collaborative projects in
either or both of these areas. This position is located at the Devens, MA facility and will serve as the point of contact for all
business data and automation projects within the development environment.
Responsibilities
Work with laboratory functions to understand fundamentals of laboratory data collection activities, transactional exchanges and
data analysis needs
Become proficient at using and training others in the use of existing electronic laboratory notebook, laboratory data management,
OSI/PI, Spotfire and other data collection and visualization workflows
Build a cross-functional working group to identify gaps and inefficiencies and expand laboratory data collection and visualization
capabilities
Interface with laboratory automation, modeling and pilot manufacturing roles to support the unique requirements of each group as
needed
Partner with business functions, IT support groups and contract vendors to ensure timely and functional delivery of laboratory data
collection and visualization tools
Drive change management to enable and sustain future state business capabilities
Champion standardization initiatives within and across business units
Co-own business case development for proposed projects
Co-own project commitments and deliverables
Drive continuous improvements as needed -Collaboratively contribute to scientific modeling or laboratory automation roles if
interested
Work effectively in matrixed teams as well as independently to accomplish project goals.
Job Qualifications
BS in related discipline with a minimum 6-8 years BMS/ relevant experience
MS in related discipline with minimum of 4-6 years BMS/ relevant experience
Ph.D. entry level in related discipline with 0-2 years of relevant experience
Relevant work experience or post-baccalaureate education is preferred.
Engineering or related science degree is preferred.
Candidate must possess good organizational skills and strong attention to detail
Candidate must possess a creative problem-solving aptitude, and be self-motivated to envision and achieve change in the status
quo.
Candidate must be willing to learn new skills and possess the enthusiasm to instruct others in learning new skills.
The candidate should also possess good verbal and written communication skills, as well as excellent interpersonal skills with the
interest to work in a matrixed team environment.
Knowledge of fundamentals of programming preferred
Basic knowledge of bioprocess unit operations and development preferred
Familiarity with scientific modeling and data preferred
Familiarity with electronic laboratory notebook systems and laboratory data management systems preferred
Familiarity with Spotfire, R, Python, Matlab, database query language, OSI/PI, or DeltaV preferred
Together, we make a difference. Bristol-Myers Squibb is one of the world's BioPharma leaders, committed to delivering innovative
medicines as well as nurturing a culture that's a springboard for progress. Our success depends on building teams of bold,
innovative and passionate employees who will help continue to drive us further forward. No matter the role, we are united by our
mission and determined to win this fight.
Bristol-Myers Squibb is an equal opportunity employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
Start Date April 02, 2018 12:00 AM
Application Information
Application Procedure Through RhodyNet
Application Material Required Cover Letter
Resume
