JOB DESCRIPTION:
2017 Summer Internship
Are you a student looking to launch your Information Technology career?  If so, then UPS is the place for you!
Once known as a trucking company, UPS is now recognized as a technology company with trucks and is poised for success.  Spending more than $1 billion a year on information technology, UPS provides its customers unparalleled capability in tracking and distribution intelligence.  This technological infrastructure also enables UPS to provide fully integrated Web-enabled, business-to-business solutions.
UPS Information Services, a leader in information technology, is currently seeking college students to join our team.  If you are a highly motivated college student working on a degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, MIS, Mathematics or a related degree, then UPS is a great place for you to start your career.
Positions are available requiring one or more of the following skills:
Java, JSP, C++, C#, .Net, SQL, Scripting, XML, HTML, Web Development
Linux/Unix, Servers, Queries, Mainframe
Business Analysis
Database Administration, Data Modeling, Data design, Documentation
Tools: Testing, QTP, Quality Center, SharePoint
Experience developing software for the iPhone, Blackberry and Android
Microsoft Office (Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
Strong written & verbal communication skills 
These positions offer a competitive salary with one of the most respected I.T. employers in its industry.  
Must be able to work 40 hours per week during the summer months (Monday through Friday, May through August).
Education:
The desired 2017 Summer Intern will be currently enrolled in a degreed college/university program pursuing a degree in Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics or related discipline, or has graduated from a degreed college/university program within that last 24 months with a degree in Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics or related discipline.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be a U.S. Citizen or National of the U.S., an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence, or an alien authorized to work in the U.S. for this employer
Now or in the future UPS employment sponsorship, such as H1B, TN, J-1, F-1, etc., is not needed in order to start or continue temporary or permanent employment with UPS.
Student currently enrolled in a degreed college/university program, or graduated from a degreed college/university program within the last 24 months.
Able to work 15-20 hours per week while school is in session, and 40 hours per week during the summer months in Mahwah, NJ, Paramus NJ, Wayne NJ, Alpharetta GA, or Timonium Maryland. 

OTHER CRITERIA:
Employer will not sponsor visas for position.

UPS is an equal opportunity employer – race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity.
