Tableau BI Developer
Job Location US - GA - Atlanta
More information about this job: 
Job Description: 
Make a Difference Every Day with Team Applied
The people of Applied are making a difference every day through innovation and a commitment to help safeguard and protect what matters most. With first-to-market software, mobile and data analytics solutions, Applied is revolutionizing companies to strengthen their position as trusted advisors to clients across the world. Our core values challenge employees to make a difference every day with excellence for customers and support for the communities around us. We believe that success comes from a dynamic working environment that offers professionals an opportunity to grow and succeed alongside extraordinary people.
Learn how you can make a difference on Team Applied.
Job Summary
Applied Systems, Inc., a worldwide leader in insurance technology, is currently searching for a Tableau BI Developer to develop dashboards, worksheets and reports utilizing various reporting and Business Intelligence software packages such as Tableau, SSIS, and SSAS.
Responsibilities include:
Design, develop, test and implement operational reports, scorecards, benchmarks and executive level dashboards that utilize SQL data warehouses, OLAP cubes and columnar databases 
Maintain production reporting systems to ensure reliable performance and scalability 
Responsible for working with management to ensure reports are being developed that result in measurable outcomes 
Serve as the graphical user interface subject matter expert, mastering existing BI tool capabilities as well as future enhancements as they become available, in order to continually improve our business intelligence offerings 
Serve as the primary data analyst for business intelligence products, responsible for troubleshooting data issues and conducting root cause analysis when reporting data is in question 
Educates internal and external clients on appropriate utilization of business intelligence product suite 
Strong web development skills including HTML, JavaScript and CSS 
Ability to troubleshoot complex processes with limited documentation
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, or related field; or equivalent work experience 
4+ years of relevant IT experience 
Expertise in report and dashboard development, with extensive experience creating visually impressive and user friendly interfaces using Tableau 
Strong experience in SQL Server programming, including understanding various features such as SSIS, SSAS, SSRS and MDX 
Solid understanding of Data Warehousing, OLAP cubes and columnar databases 
Requires strong analytical, conceptual and problem-solving abilities. Must have experience using tools (ex. Hyperion, SQL, pivot tables etc.) to identify root causes in problematic source data when they surface as questionable report results in the BI user interface 
Experience pulling data from SQL Server 2005, 2008, and/or 2012 databases for reports 
Excellent communication skills 
Exposure to Agile development methodology helpful 
Experience in an enterprise software development environment with a strong process orientation 
Experience working with third-party API’s (preferably Tableau API’s)
Corporate Profile
Applied Systems is a leading provider of software that powers the business of insurance. Recognized as a pioneer in agency management systems, insurance organizations rely on the company’s software to manage their clients and policies in a consistent manner to minimize risk, reduce operating expenses, and drive sustainable growth and profitability. Leading the industry in technology innovation, Applied Systems has been at the forefront of data exchange between agencies, brokers, carriers and their clients. Today, the company has more than 1,400 employees with customers throughout the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, and Northern Ireland. By automating the insurance lifecycle, Applied Systems remains committed to help safeguard what matters most to millions of people around the world. To learn more, please visit www.AppliedSystems.com.
