Data Scientist
Assurant
Job description
This Data Scientist will be a core member of the Data Analytics team and will play a significant role in helping Assurant advance and create data driven solutions. In this role, the Data Scientist incorporates techniques across many disciplines – including mathematics/statistics, computer programming, data engineering, data management, visualization and ETL. The incumbent will support analytics product development and high performance computing with traditional business expertise with the goal of using data to optimize future business decisions. Also, the incumbent will act as an evangelist for data science and be an expert/fluent in several of these data science disciplines; sufficiently proficient in others to effectively design, build, and deliver end-to-end predictive analytics products to optimize business decisions; will enjoy working with some of the most diverse global data sets, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see data insights turned into real business results on a regular basis. This role requires to partner with leaders in various divisions, clients and geographies, in order to ensure that increasingly more data driven solutions are brought to the Data Analytics group.This individual will support a variety of product and service across all line of businesses within Assurant and will utilize in-depth understanding of data, database management systems, statistics, predictive modeling, and machine learning.
40% - Lay the groundwork – hypothesize as an individual researcher and in collaboration with other team members on how to solve problems. Perform data preparation activities, such as collecting, cleaning, and organizing.
Uses best practices to understand the data and develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs.
Collaborates with the team in order to improve the effectiveness of business decisions through the use of data and machine learning/predictive modeling.
Understands the business’ problems to identify the optimal modeling approach and support your answers and findings with appropriate statistical techniques and methods
30 % - Turn data into insight – segment, cluster, model, and mine to better understand the behavior in question. Explain what has happened or predict what will in an actionable fashion.


Uses and learns a wide variety of tools and languages to achieve results (e.g., R, SAS, Python, SQL, Hadoop)
30% - Drive change – produce clear, understandable visualizations and reports to
share with
Senior Management. Partner with product, digital, engineering, marketing and all line of business to design tests and implement your model findings insights.
Communicates to team members, leadership and stakeholders on findings to ensure models are well understood and incorporated into business processes.
Manages data and data requests to improve the accuracy of our data and decisions made from data analysis.
Participate and drive data modeling and governance best practices.

Desired Skills and Experience
Master Degree in a quantitative field, such as Data Analytics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Finance.
Minimum of 3 - 5+ years of relevant experience in analytics, statistical/quantitative modeling and/or machine Learning tools (R, Python, etc) and in using various database tools (e.g. Hadoop, SQL) processing large volumes of structured and unstructured data.
Other Requirements: 
Experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets and techniques to build models that have driven company decision making.
Experience in working with any or all of statistical/data processing software such as R, SAS, Weka, SPSS, MatLab, CART etc.
Experience in database such as SQL, Hadoop, NoSQL, Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) databases.
Proficient and ability to code and develop prototypes in programming languages in Python, Java, Perl, JEE, .Net, C#, or C++.
Ability to work with unstructured data, whether it is from digital, social media, video feeds or audio, device logs, etc.
Advocate machine learning principles to become a SME within the organization.
Organized and capable of independently managing complex analytical projects from start to finish.
Ability to independently structure analyses data; interpret moderate to complex analytical concepts/modelsand communicate the findings to a non-technical audience.
Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise.
Demonstrated analytic agility.
Understanding of the Insurance industry/market place and regulation preferred
Preferred: 
Experience with Excel VBA/macros, Tableau, and/or Microsoft Power BI a plus
Ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams
Ability to coordinate with external providers and vendors regarding data and technology solutions
Self-reliant, able to work independently and manage personal time on multiple projects simultaneously.
Solid communicator, particularly with less technical project stakeholders and customers, as well as with architects from various disciplines.
Persuasive, can make an effective case to the project core team justifying the use of a specific solution/model or technology.
Confident in skills and expertise, willing to take measured risks and defend positions
Professional team player and ability to adapt dynamic work environment with a high degree of change
Benefits and Value Proposition:
We offer a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits to full time and part time employees including medical, dental, STD, LTD, life...
