Senior Tableau BI Dashboard Developer 
BI Brainz - Atlanta, GA 
In search of a Full-time Senior Tableau BI Dashboard Developer for our Atlanta office. Must be able to travel without restrictions. Please DO NOT apply if you are not interested in full-time employment or require sponsorship.
The primary function of this position is to lead technical development initiatives for creating executive-level dashboards; scoping and interfacing with client(s).
Primary Duties: 
Develop complex interactive/dynamic dashboards with tools like Tableau, Qlikview Birst, SAP Design Studio, SAP Dashboards 
Develop what if analysis and forecasting logic 
Experience developing dashboards with drill down capability 
Responsible for summarizing performance trends and highlighting problem areas 
Able to reuse template/components/web services across multiple dashboards 
Develop connected dashboards using web services 
Organize/maintain large and complex excel spreadsheet mapping 
Responsible for maintaining consistency across multiple dashboards 
Responsible for optimizing user experience 
Responsible for applying GUI standards and best practices to the dashboards 
Responsible for providing user and technical support documents
Required Technical Skills: 
Senior level proficiency in building dashboards and scorecards 
Expert SQL Developer skills 
Background in Analytics and Data Visualization techniques 
Solid practical experience with BI tools such as SAP BusinessObjects, Cognos, Teradata and/or other comparable tools 
Data Warehousing & connecting to various datasources a must 
Strong understanding of Tableau Architecture required to perform effectively 
Strong understanding of Tableau Server implementation & administration processes and best practices 
Expert level skills in building highly used and adopted custom reports and dashboards 
Expert level ability to analyze data to identify deliverables, gaps and inconsistencies 
Strong communication skills and willingness to take initiative to contribute beyond basic responsibilities 
Ability to multitask, prioritize issues, and monitor progress
Work Experience: 
5+ years experience in building dynamically connected dashboards 
5+ years experience with tools like Tableau, Qlikview, SAP Dashboards and Birst 
5+ years experience using BI Tools such as BusinessObjects, OBIEE, Cognos 
5+ years of experience in Business Intelligence and Reporting development 
5+ years experience designing and developing dashboards using Tableau Desktop for various organizational metrics and indicators using best practices and industry standards. 
Ability to work and communicate with both the business and technical experts 
Current experience with major industries in building line of business Dashboards
Competencies: 
Clear, logical, and effective verbal/written communication skills. 
Clearly demonstrated sense of urgency and bias for action. 
Ability to work well under pressure and independently. 
Ability to forge strong working relationships at senior levels. 
Ability to effectively direct the work of others. 
Demonstrated ability to interpret technical material. 
Takes ownership of problems and develops sound solutions. 
Demonstrates sound analytical and diagnostic skills dealing with issues that are not readily * defined and/or conflict with available information. Has the ability to reach sound decisions quickly. 
Able to fully research business situation, identify areas of concern and present solution. 
Has a solid working knowledge of capabilities and direction of technology, coupled with an in-depth knowledge of the technology required and the needs of the business environment necessary to support assigned projects. 
Skilled at identifying flat areas and providing feedback to employees for performance improvement.
Other: 
Familiarity with visual design concepts for executive dashboards is a strong plus 
Possesses a high and extensive level of technical skills, database software applications 
Experience implementing BI solutions using Agile methodology is a plus
Job Type: Full-time
Job Location:
Atlanta, GA
Required experience:
Data Analysis: 5 years 
Tableau: 5 years 
SQL Programming and Packages: 5 years 
Business Intelligence: 5 years

