Analytics and Insights Intern
Cox Media Group  
Atlanta, GA, US 

Job description
Summary

Description

Specifically, We

The Analytics & Insights team is responsible for data driven strategic thinking and insight across multiple touch points at CMG.

Lead the development and evolution of our CMG’s digital measurement platforms.
Derive insights from research and data that provide holistic views of performance across experiences and channels.
Support CMG business units in understanding digital audience data and leveraging insights that inform digital strategy.
Support data visualizations for CMG business units and advertiser clients.

The Analytics & Insights interns will be members of a cross-functional team focused on guiding CMG strategy and operations using various data collected from CMG’s digital products and partner tools. Interns are expected to integrate within the team to get firsthand experience on what it is like to be in the growing field of analytics. They will get to have hands on experience with various tools ranging from Google Analytics to Chartbeat to Optimizely to Shareablee; along with providing their own take on what the data mean to the organization.

Specific Responsibilities

Assisting data reporting, data visualization, ad hoc analysis, and presenting results with tools such as Excel and Tableau.
Assisting with the management and strategy associated with our data visualization platform used by internal and external teams. These duties range from user management, assisting with data source investigations, contributing to brainstorming to evolve the platform, and working with users to drive adoption.
Manipulating and interpreting large data volumes from various internal data sources. Transform data into actionable insights.
Collaborating with teammates to build analytics models using statistical analysis and predictive analysis to understand customer behaviors.
Shadowing various team members within the organization to get a better understanding of the digital side of publishing (e.g. Yield, Ad Platform, Technology teams, Fulfillment teams, and various analytics teams across the organization).

Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

Interest in learning about analytics and its application at a media company.
Knowledge in data analysis and statistical analysis. Proficient in Microsoft Excel.
Knowledge in digital analysis tools such as Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, and Facebook Insights is a plus.
Knowledge in Tableau, SQL, R or SAS is a plus.
Technically savvy – you can do things beyond using apps or posting updates via social media. If you have built an app for a smart device or can read code – consider that a plus for you and us!
Interested in digital media beyond content creation.
Ability to juggle between being a doer and a strategic thinker.

Education

Currently enrolled in an accredited degree program

Cox Media Group is an integrated broadcasting, publishing, direct marketing and digital media company that includes the national advertising rep firms of CoxReps. Additionally, CMG owns Cox Target Media, which operates Valpak, one of North America's leading direct marketing companies, and Savings.com, a leading online source for savings.

The company's operations currently include 14 broadcast television stations and one local cable channel, 57 radio stations, eight daily newspapers and more than a dozen non-daily publications, and more than 100 digital services.

CMG currently operates in more than 30 media markets and reaches approximately 52 million Americans weekly, including more than 32 million TV viewers, more than 4 million print and online newspaper readers, and 14 million radio listeners.

For more information about Cox Media Group, please check us out online at www.coxmedia.com

Organization: Cox Media Group

Primary Location: US-GA-Atlanta-223 Perimeter Center Pkwy NE

Employee Status: Temporary

Job Level: Entry Level

Shift: Day Job

Travel: No

Schedule: Full-time

Unposting Date: OngoingCategory: Administrative Support 
Seniority Level
Internship
Industry
Broadcast MediaPublishingOnline Media 
Employment Type
Full-time
Job Functions
