Data Analyst III
Location: Atlanta, Georgia Job Number: 177216 Brand: Cox Communications 

Description

Cox Communications Inc. is seeking a Data Analyst III who is an expert in reporting, analysis, and metrics with advanced understanding. This role is typically assigned to larger, highly complex projects requiring independent decision-making and partners with cross-functional teams and stakeholders on ideas and solutions that impact operational results. 
This person will work in the Consumer Analytics group in Marketing. We are looking for talented people who are incredibly passionate about data, who have a proven track record of transforming raw data into analytic insight, and who desire to make a difference by leveraging the right techniques to arrive at the right answers. The Data Analyst III will strongly influence the business and marketing decisions of Cox Communications by supporting and helping to institutionalize a data-driven analysis culture. Your primary role will be to identify and work on high-impact business and marketing problems and develop viable solutions through data analysis, predictive modeling, and advanced analytics techniques. The candidate should have a combination of excellent analytic skill, strong business acumen, and excellent interpersonal and communication skills. The Data Analyst III will have a highly visible role with key leaders and will work closely with teams across the company including other Analytics team members, Marketing, Product, Operations, and Technology. This is a great opportunity to be part of an advanced analytics team that does leading-edge work as part of a great organization. This position is located in Atlanta, GA.
Primary Responsibilities and Essential Functions 
Provides and conducts analytic efforts to support business operations, which may include budget modeling. 
Writes reports, creates charts, presentations and timelines in support of department or business operations. 
Identifies, researches, and resolves discrepancies in analytical procedure or cross-functional methods. 
Interprets operational requirements for inclusion in studies and analysis. 
Provides recommendations for operational efficiencies and process improvements and assists in policy development to support change initiatives. 
Works with outside expertise engaged to assist or deliver analytic projects. 
May write code to automate reports and templates and consolidate data into reports and knowledge. 
Uses and may program statistical analysis software. 
Supports capability development within the delivery organization, including reviews and gap assessments, and works to source and deliver strategies. 
Conducts business impact analyses and validation studies and market research through all stages: concept formulation, definition of metrics, determination of appropriate statistical methodology, research evaluation, and final research report. 
Facilitates meetings and presentations to senior leadership. 
Develops analytical tools and numerical modeling of complex operations systems and processes.

Qualifications

Minimum 
5 or more years of experience in related field (i.e., data analysis, metrics, etc.); 3 or more years of experience if candidate possesses a related advanced degree. 
Demonstrated problem solving and analytical thinking skills. 
Excellent interpersonal, leadership, presentation, and collaborative skills to work effectively with teams throughout organization.
Preferred 
BS/BA degree in related discipline; Master's degree in a related discipline strongly preferred.


About Cox Communications
Cox Communications is a broadband communications and entertainment company, providing advanced digital video, Internet, telephone and home security and automation services over its own nationwide IP network. The third-largest U.S. cable company, Cox serves approximately 6 million residences and businesses. Cox Business is a facilities-based provider of voice, video and data solutions for commercial customers, and Cox Media is a full-service provider of national and local cable spot and digital media advertising. Cox is known for its pioneering efforts in broadband, voice and commercial services, industry-leading customer care and its outstanding workplaces. For nine years, Cox has been recognized as the top operator for women by Women in Cable Telecommunications; Cox has ranked among DiversityInc's Top 50 Companies for Diversity 11 times. More information about Cox Communications, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cox Enterprises, is available at www.cox.com and www.coxmedia.com.


Organization: Cox Communications, Inc.

Primary Location: US-GA-Atlanta-6205-B Peachtree Dunwoody Rd

Employee Status: Regular

Job Level: Individual Contributor

Shift: Day Job

Travel: Yes, 5 % of the Time

Schedule: Full-time

Unposting Date: 2017-05-15
