Specialist - Cargonew
Delta
Job description

SpecialistRequisition #: 266820 Atlanta, GA 
Summary: This individual will support Cargo Strategy and other ad hoc analysis and initiatives. Responsible for management of projects and associated analytical and strategy support 

Works collaboratively across the cargo division to support key initiatives, identify and account for interdependencies as new initiatives are implemented 
Formulate, coordinate and implement tactical and strategic action plans that will improve cargo performance 
Assist with development of tools to monitor and track program success post-implementation 
Prepare internal communications which may include ad hoc reports, executive summaries and formal presentations 
Strong ability to build compelling storyboards and translating into executive presentations 
Practices safety-conscious behaviors in all operational processes and procedures 


Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a marketing, business or communications discipline or equivalent work experience is required. 
General knowledge of Delta's markets and competitive market position as well as sales strategies, programs, processes, tools and infrastructure is highly desirable. 
Cargo industry sales/marketing/operational experience is a plus. 
Should be solution-oriented, multi-task capable and have demonstrated the ability to work well with others in a fast-paced time-sensitive environment. 
Should possess business maturity, the ability to recognize and address problems with the appropriate sense of urgency and the capacity to work independently with minimal instruction or supervision. 
Strong strategic planning, project management, analytical skills, excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills and a proven ability to make sound business decisions. 
 Highly proficient PC skills including advanced level knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Power Point are required. 
 Knowledge of Hyperion/BRIO/Cognos/Tableau skills along with exceptional organization and analytical skills highly desirable. Must be performing satisfactorily in present position. 


Posted by Tai'Swyft@delta.com
