Senior Clinical Analyst - Eden Prairie, MN or Telecommute considered from anywhere - 709888 

Position Description
For those who want to invent the future of health care, here's your opportunity. We're going beyond basic care to health programs integrated across the entire continuum of care. Join us and help people live healthier lives while doing your life's best work.(sm) 

Primary Responsibilities:
Working on a cross disciplinary / cross function team and provides support for
Document management and tracking 
Analytic support, meaning either data analysis or metrics and background in coding logic 
Writing national documents, such as national Medicaid and Medicare policies, clinical guidelines etc. 
Experience using databases for the purposes of research and survey support 
Contributes to all aspects of quality audits as well as development of corrective action plans to address and / or resolve relevant internal and/or external stakeholders’ concerns 
Works collaboratively with other functional areas to develop training modules as needed 
Works to ensure our members receive the best possible treatment from a network of high - quality providers 
Communicate and coordinate with and / or help internal and/or external partners to ensure compliance with contractual and regulatory stipulations


Requirements
To be considered for this position, applicants need to meet the qualifications listed in this posting. 
Required Qualifications:
3+ years’ experience with Process Improvement (Collaborating on, driving and improving outcomes and processes) 
2+ years of experience supporting cross functional teams 
Strong proficiency with Microsoft Office applications, including: Word, Excel and PowerPoint 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree 
3+ years of experience in clinical project management and analytics 
Experience in claim review and analysis in a health care setting 
Current experience in searching, evaluating and summarizing clinical evidence 
Medicaid and Medicare experience 
Experience with Tableau or other data bases
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
