Senior Statistical Consultant
Equifax
Job description
Senior Statistical Consultant

USA - Georgia - Atlanta - Perimeter 30328

Job Description

Equifax is a market leader in providing total information solutions to businesses and consumers. Our products and services help companies minimize their financial risk and maximize growth opportunities while enabling consumers to better protect and manage their financial health. The foundation of Equifax is its talented, dedicated employees. We accomplish our goals by drawing upon the experience, energy and teamwork of our employees, who consistently drive success by anticipating change and executing with confidence and passion.

This position will be part of the Global Consumer Solutions (GCS) Data and Analytics team, which is responsible for developing and delivering the analytics and data-driven insights to grow Equifax’s consumer offerings through its B2Cand B2B2Cchannels. This role will leverage Equifax’s unique consumer data assets to develop advanced models that drive improvements in customer acquisition effectiveness and efficiency, identify enhanced upsell and cross-sell opportunities, reduce churn and improve retention program performance, improve CRM and customer engagement strategies and generally advance the analytics, lifetime value models and segmentation of our consumers.

Position Description
Work closely with GCS business stakeholders in Marketing, Customer Experience, Sales, Strategy, and IT to define, develop and deliver innovative analytical solutions for business use cases. 
Create detailed proposals outlining design and technical specifications of each solution. 
Develop analytical approaches to meet business requirements; this involves translating requests into use cases, test cases, preparation of training data sets and iterative algorithm development 
Utilize diverse data sources to craft solutions using various modeling techniques. 
Research new and advanced predictive modeling techniques as appropriate for a specific solution. 
Manipulate large data sets, integrate diverse data sources, data types and data structures and deliver insights into new and existing solutions. 
Present results and recommendations to internal and external stakeholders. 
Provide timely progress updates, manage projects, define business objectives and oversee workflow and quality as it relates to definition, management and assessment of models and solutions.

Position Requirements
Master’s degree or higher in Analytics, Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or other related discipline. 
5+ years of professional experience as a data scientist or statistical modeler in ecommerce, B2B or B2C, marketing, payment, identity and fraud, credit risk, telecommunications, financial services, insurance, or security analytics arena. B2C subscription modeling experience strongly preferred. 
Strong quantitative analytical experience, including hands-on and background in using statistics, building logistic and linear regression solutions, non-linear models, neural networks, decision trees, random forest, support vector machine, kernel based methods, clustering and similar methods. 
Strong consultative acumen and ability to understand complex analytical solutions to create new ideas for statistical solutions to address business needs. 
Professional experience with SAS, R, SPSS, and other statistical and machine learning packages. 
Skilled and proficient in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Tibco Spotfire, SAS Visual Analytics, or SAS Data Visualization. 
Skilled and proficient in big data tools such as Hadoop, Python, and Scala. 
Proficient and experienced with MS Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint). 
Strong data analysis skills including skills to rapidly learn new data assets. Knowledge of Equifax’s differentiated data assets and technology delivery platforms or equivalent industry experience is a plus. 
Detail oriented with effective communication in working with highly technical and business team members. Ability to clearly present complex analytical solutions and corresponding insights to non-analytical people. 
Collaborate effectively as a team player in a matrix organization. 
Possesses strong presentation skill in developing and presenting ROI, use case and strategy recommendations to senior business leaders.
Primary Location:
USA-Atlanta North Park

Function

Function - Data and Analytics

Schedule

Full time

Posted 30+ Days Ago Full time J00038426

Equifax powers the financial future of individuals and organizations around the world. Using the combined strength of unique trusted data, technology and innovative analytics, Equifax has grown from a consumer credit company into a leading provider of insights and knowledge that helps its customers make informed decisions. The company organizes, assimilates and analyzes data on more than 600 million consumers and more than 80 million businesses worldwide, and its databases includes employee data contributed from more than 5000 employers.

Headquartered in Atlanta, Ga., Equifax operates or has investments in 21 countries in North America, Central and South America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region. It is a member of Standard & Poor's (S&P) 500® Index, and its common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol EFX. Equifax employs approximately 9,200 employees worldwide.

Some noteworthy achievements for the company include: Ranked 13 on the American BankerFinTech Forward list (2015); named a Top Technology Provider on the FinTech 100 list (2004-2015); named an InformationWeek Elite 100 Winner (2014-2015); named a Top Workplace by Atlanta Journal Constitution (2013-2015); named one of Fortune’sWorld’s Most Admired Companies (2011-2015); named one of Forbes’ World’s 100 Most Innovative Companies (2015). For more information, visit www.equifax.com

Equifax is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.
