Financial Data Analyst
Equifax
Job description
Financial Data Analyst

USA - Atlanta - One Atlantic Center
Financial Data Analyst

Job Description

Equifax Inc. is seeking a Senior Project Manager for the USIS Data and Analytics area and the ideal candidate is a business-minded customer-focused individual who is experienced with analytics and financial services. This person must be execution focused, be skilled at forming strong working relationships across several teams, and be an outstanding communicator. This position will be based in Atlanta, GA and report to the Senior Director, USIS Data & Analytics.

High Level Responsibilities
Review revenue entries and reconcile revenue at month end, 
Collate revenue numbers and metrics and produce/manage monthly dashboard reports 
Provide proactive insightful financial analysis to enable BU/COE to reach its short and long term strategic and financial objectives. Often interface with senior management to deliver financial information in a concise and meaningful manner to foster effective decision making. 
Drive value-added planning, budgeting and forecasting activities. Work with various areas of the business and business unit management to prepare annual budgets, including summarizing the budget and preparing presentations. 
Work with the various areas of the business, managers and business unit management on monthly financial forecasts reflecting revenue, expenses, headcount, capital and other metrics. 
Provide weekly sales reports to support management and sales.

Specific Skills/experience Includes
Minimum 5 years’ experience in financial analysis and revenue tracking 
Excellent critical thinking, problem solving analytical capabilities with strong attention to detail and task oriented 
Ability to effectively work and lead across cross functional teams 
Ability and willingness to multi-task in a fast paced environment 
Ability to make well thought decisions in complex or ambiguous situations 
Proven team player that thrives on overall success of team and/or organization 
Strong analytical skills for effective problem solving 
Must be able fact find independently using SQL/Oracle or BI Tools 
Strong skills in MS Excel including to pivot tables, formulas and graphing 
Minimum of 3 years of experience in visual reporting development, including hands on development of analytics dashboards and working with complex data sets 
Minimum of 3 years of Tableau or Spotfire development experience 
Previous experience in forecasting and variance analysis with sales/volume and P&L type reporting is strongly preferred

Education
BA/BS required 
Master’s Degree preferred or equivalent work experience in quantitative field such as Finance
Location: Atlanta Midtown Office

Primary Location:
USA-Atlanta-One-Atlantic-Center

Function

Function - Finance

Schedule

Full time

Posted 19 Days Ago Full time J00041131

Equifax powers the financial future of individuals and organizations around the world. Using the combined strength of unique trusted data, technology and innovative analytics, Equifax has grown from a consumer credit company into a leading provider of insights and knowledge that helps its customers make informed decisions. The company organizes, assimilates and analyzes data on more than 600 million consumers and more than 80 million businesses worldwide, and its databases includes employee data contributed from more than 5000 employers.

Headquartered in Atlanta, Ga., Equifax operates or has investments in 21 countries in North America, Central and South America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region. It is a member of Standard & Poor's (S&P) 500® Index, and its common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol EFX. Equifax employs approximately 9,200 employees worldwide.

Some noteworthy achievements for the company include: Ranked 13 on the American BankerFinTech Forward list (2015); named a Top Technology Provider on the FinTech 100 list (2004-2015); named an InformationWeek Elite 100 Winner (2014-2015); named a Top Workplace by Atlanta Journal Constitution (2013-2015); named one of Fortune’sWorld’s Most Admired Companies (2011-2015); named one of Forbes’ World’s 100 Most Innovative Companies (2015). For more information, visit www.equifax.com

Equifax is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.
