Sr. Data Analyst
Indu LLC  Atlanta, GA  
Job Snapshot
Full-Time  Telecommunications  Supply Chain
Job Description
Description:

Position is responsible for cost analysis of complex supplier proposals including reviewing supplier proposals, cost and pricing data submitted and all other factors provided by supplier in support of their proposal.
Responsible for measuring and assessing the effectiveness of Supply Chain Strategic Sourcing processes and procedures.
Utilizing strong analytical skills ensures quality processes and programs are being utilized and are effective by developing key performance measurements and communicating performance relative to standards.
Ensure optimal efficiency by monitoring work quality; delivering reports, statistics and recommendations for improvement.
 

Primary Responsibilities and Essential Functions:

Ability to perform financial and operational modeling, forecasting and analysis to identify and deliver strategies to drive Strategic Sourcing program and operational efficiencies.
Analyzes Supply Chain performance metrics, trends & standards and defines, develops and delivers appropriate improvement and sustainability strategies and programs to improve performance.
Identifies, researches, and resolves discrepancies in analytical procedure or cross-functional methods.
Interprets operational requirements for inclusion in studies and analysis.
Presents recommendations for operational efficiencies and process improvements and assists in policy development to support change initiatives.
Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases.

Supports capability development within the delivery organization; including reviews, gap assessments and work to source and deliver strategies.
Effectively communicate test results and performance analyses to functional team and executive management staff along with recommendations for improvement to future tactics and strategy.
Collaborate closely with key functional areas to ensure timely and efficient implementation of tests.
Create, compile, and maintain the sourcing savings scorecards for current and future LRP years.
Provide budget adjustment file with sourcing's budget movements based on quarter's sourcing scorecard and events for progress to targets.
Assist in the identification of key stakeholders, and data collection efforts.  Compile database of VD approved documentation.
Assist in communications between sourcing, CoE, and stakeholders on baseline conversations to facilitate as needed.
Report any issues/risk and escalations through the proper channels.
Verify budget code and financial amount for each purchase.
Job Requirements
Required Skills:

5 or more years of experience required in Supply Chain and/or Business Operations
3 or more years of experience required if candidate possesses a related advanced degree
Requires strong knowledge of Essbase.
Proficient in using Microsoft Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint
Strong ability to organize, analyze, interpret, and disseminate information
Must possess an internal client service orientation and work collaboratively
Track record of effectively partnering across different teams in organizations
Excellent interpersonal, leadership, presentation, analytical and collaborative skills to work effectively with teams throughout organization
 

Preferred Skills:

BS/BA degree in related discipline strongly desired (i.e. Business, Finance, Accounting, etc.)
Experience in telecommunications industry or other subscription-based business desired
Proven analytical skills, project management, root cause analysis, process improvement and process management skills.
