Data Analyst, Partner Personnel
Jemstone Associates
Job description
This position is in the Partner Personnel function. The Partner Personnel function provides Human Resources support to our 1,800 Partners worldwide. Partner talent is essential to the mission of their work – providing distinctive and lasting impact to our clients. The Partner Personnel function provides important support to our Partners, contributing to the satisfaction and retention of this critical group of colleagues. 
The Partner Personnel function helps Partners navigate transitions at the Firm – starting at the Firm, choosing professional paths, going on health or parental leaves, and departing the Firm. They counsel Partners, ensure all of their data is accurate, and analyze the Partner population. This role will focus on analytics related to the Partner group. 
Job scope 
The person in this position will support a mix of planned and ad-hoc analytical projects to help Firm leaders continue to improve their understanding of the composition and performance of the Partner group. Specifically, this person will: 
. Analyze, track, and report on Partner data in areas such as departure, retention, and advancement rates; performance statistics; leadership roles; changes in professional tracks; etc. 
. Prepare high-impact reports and presentations for meetings with Firm, Region, and Office leaders 
. Understand how to enter Partner information into Firm systems and work collaboratively with the team to gather and enter that information 
. Support the Partner Personnel Committees through reporting, adhoc analyses, on-site analytical support at selected meetings, and post-meeting responsibilities related to reporting outcomes to Firm leadership groups. Specific responsibilities could include evaluator training presentations, committee kick-off presentations, evaluation support materials, and more. 
. Track historic and current leadership roles of the partner population, maintain a tracker of future leadership appointments, and provide monthly updates to senior leadership in power point. The analyst will be responsible for maintaining changes from multiple sources within the database and confirming role changes with committee, practice, and office managers. 
Skills/knowledge required 
. Advanced-level Excel (preferably with Visual Basic programming) and proficiency in Microsoft Access and PowerPoint 
. Strong independent and collaborative problem solving (and good judgment in knowing when to make independent decisions and when to collaborate) 
. Ability to understand and communicate the meaning of the analysis, in written and oral form, with intuitive understanding of what the analysis implies and how changes in assumptions would affect it 
. Ability to multi-task across a range of work streams/projects with constantly shifting priorities . Ability to handle sensitive and confidential material discreetly 
. Several years of relevant experience demonstrating strong quantitative skills 
. Experience with Alteryx, Tableau, R, or other data and visualization systems preferred though not required 
