Data Analyst
Noble Systems  Atlanta, GA 30338 USA
Benefits Offered Vision, Life, Dental, Medical, 401K
Employment TypeFull-Time

Who are we? Noble Systems is a global leader in unified contact center technology solutions. For the 2nd year in a row, we were named as one of the Top 40 Innovative Technology Companies in Georgia by the Technology Association of Georgia. Oh yeah, and our employees are innovators too. We have over 40 employees with their names on patents.

Why join us? Because you are a motivated A-player that wants the company of other A-players. We are currently seeking a Data Analyst to join our Austin, TX office. The Data Analyst will implement predictive models to benefit business clients, apply advanced algorithms to improve current models, and provide sophisticated analytic consulting to clients.

Responsibilities include:

Conduct analysis for statistical modeling projects with minimal guidance from senior team members including:
Explore and clean data
Configure and review predictive models
Document and present analytic results
Work effectively in a team environment with all levels of the organization including client support and implementation engineering
Work on multiple projects simultaneously; deliver quality results in a timely manner
Communicate with the client to obtain information, present, or assist in presenting analytic results throughout the course of the project
Identify process improvement opportunities and develop new tools
Requirements include:

B.S. Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Operations Research, or an equivocal level of experience in a similar field
Excellent math and statistics skills
Ability to work on multiple projects at one time and independently
Working knowledge of relational databases (Oracle SQL or SQL Server preferred)
UNIX/Linux knowledge
Experience in computer programming (Perl, Python, R, SAS, Matlab, or Java)
Preferred Qualifications include:

MS in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Operations Research
Direct working experience with logistic regression modeling, optimization, or other quantitative analysis applied to real business problems
Strong programming experience in Perl (and/or Python), R, or Fortran
Advanced Excel skills including VBA
Experience with call centers for collections or telemarketing
About Noble Systems:

Noble Systems is a worldwide leader in providing call center and customer relationship management systems. Headquartered in Atlanta, GA, we have recently been awarded one of the top 40 innovative technology companies in GA for the 2nd year in a row. Join our team and enjoy the flexibility, benefits and unique opportunities such as inventing and becoming a patent holder!
