IT Service Management Consultant
OpsVision Solutions, LLC
Atlanta, GA, US

Job description
Job Description OpsVision Solutions Is Seeking An

IT Service Management (ITSM) Consultant to contribute and participate as a team member on high profile, complex projects. The

ITSM Consultant position demands experience in implementing IT Service Management concepts and technology using ITIL framework. The

ITSM Consultant will administer and develop tools for IT Service Management solutions that enhance capabilities and meet customer business needs. An appropriate candidate will be strong technically as well as having the customer interfacing communication skills to establish credibility with current and prospective clients. The ideal candidate will take a team approach to implementing winning solutions for customers. Essential Position Functions: Ensures integrity of all ITSM resources (data and processes) Collaborates with customers to gather business and functional requirements, process data & information Assist with process/tools review and re-design to fulfill customer requirements Analyze customer's business and operational requirements and develop cost effective, creative technical solutions to fulfill requirements Delivers ITSM tool solutions, participates in process audits, and helps interpret the findings Develop reports and visualizations for specific business units and needs Maintains current knowledge of relevant ITSM practices and technologies Participates in continuous process improvement in all areas of IT Develop trusted relationships with project team members, as well as current and prospective clients Execute in multiple roles as needed in a dynamic, fast-paced environment Required Skills and Experience: 1-3 years of experience in ITSM processes and practices 1-3 years of experience with visualization tools including, but not limited to, Tableau, Periscope Data and D3. 1-3 years of experience implementing technical solutions in support of IT Service Management and business processes in areas such as (but not limited to)catalog management, workflow, chargeback, provisioning (OS, application, storage, database, and network), governance, and compliance (ISO, HIPAA, PCI, etc.) Strong delivery skills, including timely and consistent completion of successful milestones and projects Demonstrated success as an implementer and integrator in an externally facing consulting environment Strong communication and presentation skills with ability to represent complex solutions in a straightforward and easily understood way Self-starter, ability to work with minimal supervision Preferred Skills and Experience: BS/BA degree in Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent experience 1-3 years of experience in consulting Proven track record of learning new technologies quickly Location: Varies throughout the USA with remote work and travel (up to 50%) required. Company Description Since 2009, OpsVision Solutions has provided professional IT consulting services, specializing in Information Technology Service Management (ITSM).

OpsVision excels in helping our clients leverage the right people, processes, and technology to achieve a more predictable, efficient, and manageable IT services environment.

We are consultants to Fortune 1000 companies and Government agencies, delivering IT service transition strategies and IT operational tactics. Our team of senior architects and engineers combine years of IT operations and software development experience to give you a competitive advantage. We become your technology advocates and IT consultants, discovering options or designing tailored solutions to meet your IT needs.

Our mission is simple: help our clients leverage their technology investments, align more effectively with business processes, and improve the user experience through optimized services. OpsVision combines proven technology solutions with custom software development to help transform IT processes, drive strategic differentiation, and increase the value of both new and existing IT software tools.

We help clients capitalize on efficiencies gained through automation, unified monitoring solutions, customized dashboards, analytical tools, and standardized data collection.

Our ITIL-based methods result in more meaningful reporting, actionable analysis, and measurable results.

As a company, OpsVision guarantees your satisfaction with our people, our process, and our solutions. Learn more at www.opsvision.com ]]>
