Senior Data Analyst
Market Strategies Atlanta, GA  

Job Description
Senior Data Analyst – Energy Industry - Syndicated Research

Summary: Our Energy Syndicated products are developed by a small but mighty team of four individuals. The Senior Data Analyst is the lead for data management and analytics, and works with a Project Manager plus two Energy industry experts who keep the pulse on client needs and help develop compelling products. Ultimately, the Senior Data Analyst makes sure our research is sound and worth the investment for our clients.

The Senior Data Analyst is responsible for all activities related to the procurement of accurate and representative data to support the development of our energy syndicated research initiatives, and the application of analytics to elevate and differentiate insights and recommendations across a range of subjects such as brand equity tracking, customer satisfaction/loyalty tracking, market segmentation and analysis, pricing studies and new product/service testing.

The Senior Data Analyst will serve as an analytics subject matter expert to the internal project team, client and research vendors.

Key things you get to do in this job:

Be on the front lines of creating new research that positions Market Strategies as the best source for syndicated reports in the Energy sector
Help Market Strategies offer competitive products which allow the company to go after new targets for revenue growth
Participate in an entrepreneurial team within an established company
Provide highly impactful insights that help the Utility industry successfully navigate a changing market.
Location is flexible for this role - office locations with current team members include: Atlanta, GA and Metro Detroit. Other options include Portland, OR, Boston, MA, or Little Rock, AR.

Responsibilities:

Manage full project load providing all data management and analytics support for assigned research projects as well as final review of any work delegated (to vendors or other staff).
Collaborate with team members in the design and execution of research instruments to ensure appropriate statistical methodologies (including multivariate analysis).
Provide advanced survey design, data cleaning, programming and analytics to enhance research deliverables, and manage all assigned project components to meet established deadlines.
Program cross tabulations using SPSS, mTAB, or other software tools as needed, and run all ad hoc analysis.
Perform thorough QA on online survey programming, data sets, reports and tables.
Verify and document processes, procedures and logic used in managing and manipulating datasets.
Ensure the quality and consistency of the data environment through the development and implementation of quality control procedures.
Follow and communicate, as needed, all client compliance requirements for data management and handling.
Provide technical expertise to non-technical audiences. Interact with clients and project teams in analyzing and delivering research projects and services.
Provide premiere client service by managing project components and client expectations to ensure high client satisfaction and repeat business.
Collaborate with the project team to ensure data supports a concise, compelling and high impact PowerPoint presentation for clients.
Qualifications:

Must have a Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Market Research, Psychology, or other related field. Advanced degree in Market Research, Business Analytics or Survey Methods preferred.
Minimum of 3 years of data management and manipulation experience in a marketing research environment (either client or supplier side).
Minimum of 3 years prior experience collecting, processing and analyzing primary survey data.
Solid work experience programming in SPSS to create tables and manipulate and analyze survey data is required. Prior experience with mTAB is preferred.
Hands-on experience developing accurate and professional data deliverables (tables, charts, graphs) with exceptional attention to detail.
Well-developed organizational and project management skills and experience supporting multiple, complex marketing research projects simultaneously and meeting deliverable deadlines and budgets.
Aptitude for creative thinking and the ability to think and act independently with sound business judgment.
Energetic self-motivator able to function productively in a small and distributed team environment.
Experience managing and manipulating data for attitudinal/brand-centric research studies that support product development, branding and positioning evaluation, communications testing and satisfaction/loyalty measurements is a plus.
Prior experience interfacing with vendors is strongly preferred.
Advanced expertise in Microsoft PowerPoint and Excel, and working knowledge of Word.
