Senior Business Analyst - Data Driven Platforms - (#1202)
Starpoint Solutions LLC,  Alpharetta, GA  Posted 2 days ago

Job Description

Experience/Required Skills: 


7-10 yrs Visio

7-10 yrs Requirements Managment

7-10 yrs Requirements Development

7-10 yrs Process Modeling

Strong Facilitation

Analytical Thinking

Communication and Conflict Management

Effective Listening

Leadership

Report Writing

Problem Solving

Relationship Management and Negotiation skills


The candidate may need to provide examples of skills, negotiation and facilitation skills during the interview process.

The managers are looking for candidates who have at least 7 years of recent experience as a business analyst.


Experience in leading a team of business analysts on at least one project is required.

Submit candidates interested this position, this is a BA position not PM

Education: Bachelor's Degree in Comp Science or related discipline, or equivalent work experience.







The candidate would be working on functional and non functional business requirements for custom developed software applications.

The candidate will perform activities involved in proactively identifying process improvement and technology needs of the business area, gathering and documenting business requirements for application enhancements and/or new applications, serving as liaison between the business area and the Information Technology (IT) Area.

Building the foundation for the development effort by capturing the business context (problem, current state, desired future state, objectives, business needs, and impacted user groups)

Playing a critical communications role by interacting with user (business domain) community and with developers & testing personnel (technical domain).

Developing requirements and establishing traceability.

Managing the requirements from inception through to construction. Producing quality consumable output.

Establishing and maintaining agreements between the customer and the project team on the changing requirements of the system (manage scope changes)

Acquire non functional requirements for emerging system. Sharepoint, MS Project, Visio, MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint



Posted By Kwon Bo Ah

