Senior Data Analyst
North Highland Company,  Atlanta, GA 
Job Description




CELEBRATE YOUR PERSONALITY AND TEAM SPIRIT. 
GROW THROUGH YOUR CHOICES. 
MAKE YOUR MARK. 


North Highland has a mantra: Unleash Potential Together. For our clients, it means we challenge thinking and build capabilities, so that after each engagement, they are left stronger and inspired to do more. With our colleagues, it means fostering an environment where bringing, shaping, growing and sharing ideas isn’t just encouraged—it’s expected. And within our communities, it means we give of our skills, time and passion to make them more prosperous. 

Senior Data Analyst - NHDA 

Job Description : 

Conduct statistical and visual analysis of data to drive actionable insights for Clients including design of analytical systems; statistical and visual analysis of data; and development and deployment of visual analysis into operational dashboards. 

Minimum Requirements : 

Bachelor’s or foreign equivalent degree in computer science, computer engineering, decision science, mathematics or a related analytical field and 5 years of experience in job offered or 5 years of experience performing business intelligence development work including dimensional modeling, BI deployment, ETL and database development. Also requires 5 years of experience: developing high quality data and visual analysis; and connecting multiple data sources including Oracle and MSSQL as part of the business intelligence development, data and visual analysis. Requires 2 years overseeing BI and analytical projects or leading workstreams. 50% travel required. Employee reports to corporate office in Atlanta, GA, but may telecommute from any location in the U.S. 

Work Address: 3333 Piedmont Road NE, Suite 1000, Atlanta, GA 30305 


North Highland is a global management consulting firm known for helping clients solve their most complex challenges related to customer experience, performance improvement, technology and digital, and transformation. We add value and support our clients across the full spectrum of consulting, from strategy through delivery. We bring the big ideas, then we make them real. North Highland is an employee-owned firm, headquartered in Atlanta, GA, with more than 3,000 consultants worldwide and 60+ offices around the globe. The firm is a member of Cordence Worldwide (www.cordenceworldwide.com), a global management consulting alliance. For more information, visit northhighland.com and connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook. 
