Data Analyst
About the Company:
SPH Analytics (SPH) generates powerful and impactful healthcare analytics using cutting-edge software. SPH software delivers valuable insights to key decision makers with deep drill-down capabilities. Our products allow healthcare providers, payers, and health plans to measure population health goals and patient experience while meeting regulatory requirements with easy-to-understand, actionable information. SPH is a trusted leader of successful outcomes in the value-based healthcare market.
 
For more information about SPH, please visit www.SPHAnalytics.com.
Job Description:
This position is part of SPH’s Quality Assurance department, which is part of the Regulatory & Quality Governance group (RQG). The RQG group focus is to identify and ensure appropriate business ownership of data quality, while monitoring performance and building robust remediation programs across SPH. The Quality Analyst will report to the Sr. Director, Regulatory and Quality Governance. 
The Quality Analyst will ensure the integrity of project data by performing data analysis using crosstab functions, such as with SPSS or Wincross. The Quality Analyst will work with the Quality Assurance team to communicate with staff throughout the organization to ensure Quality Assurance standard operating procedures are followed. The Quality Analyst will educate staff on documented quality standards. The Quality Analyst should have experience with data cleaning and data warehousing concepts.
 
Responsibilities:
Responsible for review of project database sampling instructions and statistics.
Review of project data at the end of fielding, including full data set review.
Troubleshoot and resolve data integrity issues. 
Random review of NCOA and Telephone append processing.
Random review of mail merges.
Audit of regulatory submissions for CATI script, survey and collateral materials, as well as all approved supplemental questions to ensure materials meet guidelines.
Provide business requirements for SQL Reports and dashboards to monitor progress to timeline and also for quality checks. 
Review of final data prior to preparation for data submissions.
Work with Team Lead on data file submission to regulatory and state agencies.
Participate in remote and onsite regulatory visits and audits.
Work with Team Lead and fellow Quality Analyst to create all interim reporting to regulatory agencies.
Review of data during fielding to ensure all interim coding is accurate and crosswalks to final disposition coding are accurate (mail and phone).
Provide business requirements for reports and dashboards to monitor progress to timeline and quality checks.
Mapping of Question Sets to data warehouse.
Review and translate regulatory requirements including continual review of the QAG to ensure adherence by product line.
Lead QA team meetings as needed and participate and provide updates during internal team meetings as needed.
Conduct regular audits of survey administration and other processes to ensure data integrity.
Identify issues, analyze available data and information, and recommend changes to management.
Document validation checks and report discrepancies as needed.
Utilize analytical skills to perform exploratory analysis, deep dive analysis and anomaly detection.
Requirements:
2 + years quality assurance experience preferred.
Demonstrated competence in computer usage and software including Word and Excel, intermediate skills required. Access and Microsoft SQL preferred.
Experience with SPSS, Wincross or other crosstab programs preferred.
Excellent problem solving, strong analytical skills and detail oriented. 
Strong organizational and planning skills with a solid attention to detail with an ability to lead teams and projects. Project Management experience a plus.
Self-starting, highly motivated individual with a positive attitude.
Demonstrated ability to accept responsibility and work independently with minimal supervision.
 Comfortable and effective in working with large and complex sets of data.
 Independently identify key issues, patterns or deviations from the norm.
Education:
A Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or equivalent education in a related discipline is required.
SPH offers: 
A competitive salary commensurate with experience
Paid off plus holidays
Comprehensive benefit plans
SPH Analytics (SPH), a leader in healthcare analytics and population health management, empowers clients to analyze and interpret their clinical, financial, and consumer experience data to maximize their performance. SPH’s Population Care™, Population Value™, and Population Engage™ solutions are built on the innovative Nexus™ Platform, providing insights and impact to integrated health networks, ACOs, hospitals, ambulatory care providers, physician groups, and health plans. SPH’s quality measure dashboards, financial risk measurement analytics, healthcare survey and call center solutions, and consulting services empower clients to meet the Triple Aim by improving population health, reducing overall cost of care, and improving the patient experience.
Ranked number one in MACRA and MIPS Support Technology for Value-Based Care by Black Book Research, SPH Analytics has been providing insights to clients for more than 24 years and serves clients in all 50 states. Corporate headquarters are in metro Atlanta. SPH Analytics is part of the $3 billion Symphony Technology Group portfolio. For more information, call 1-866-460-5681 or visit SPHAnalytics.com.
Related Keywords:
Quality Analyst,SPSS, Wincross,-	Excellent problem solving, strong analytical skills and detail oriented
