Teaching Assistant- Back End Engineering (temporary)
Nashville, Tennessee, United States
DESCRIPTION

If you’re a junior to mid level developer looking for an opportunity to contribute to the local tech community in a meaningful way on a part time (hourly) basis, then this job was custom-made for you.



**This is a temporary opportunity for our Corporate Training Team*



What we believe in:

First and most importantly, here are a few of our values when it comes to teaching someone how to be a developer:

Thinking over syntax - We believe syntax is the easy part of programming and that we are successful when we’ve helped someone learn to think like an engineer.
Quality over quantity – We’re interested in training true professionals, not getting as many people into our classes as possible.
Real projects over scripted assignments – People learn programming best by tackling hard problems with a mentor, not following a list of steps and taking a quiz.
Emphasis on open source – We deeply value the open source mindset and intentionally create and contribute to open source projects.
What the role and responsibilities look like:

During the week semester (or cohort), the Teaching Assistant will aid Instructors by answering questions for students during lab time. While TAs do not administer lectures, they play an important role by helping students with project work and troubleshooting code bugs, etc.
REQUIREMENTS

Junior level knowledge of the course material
Able to prepare for classes in anticipation of student questions
Able to support instructor in providing critical feedback
Able to commit to the full 12 week cohort
Your qualities and experience:

Self-starter who takes ownership of your role
Great communication skills, especially in distilling complex subject matter
You believe in our mission and are excited about building our culture
A good sense of humor – intensive classes don’t work if it’s all work and no play
BENEFITS

Excellent opportunity to polish communication skills
Addition of a mentorship experience to a resume
Access to The Iron Yard’s events and network
Competitive contract hourly rate
Access to some of the most up & coming engineers in the industry!
Great opportunity for contractors and freelancers to have a space to work, surrounded by creative learners.
Interested in finding out more about The Iron Yard? Check us out online!